---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
---

Last updated: August 20, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, 
use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You 
about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the 
Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with 
this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy has been created with the help of the 
[Free Privacy Policy Generator](https://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/free-privacy-policy-generator/).

Topics:
1. [Interpretation and Definitions](#interpretation-and-definitions)
2. [Collecting and Using Your Personal Data](#collecting-and-using-your-personal-data)
3. [Children's Privacy](#childrens-privacy)
4. [Links to Other Websites](#links-to-other-websites)
5. [Changes to this Privacy Policy](#changes-to-this-privacy-policy)
6. [Contact Us](#contact-us)


Interpretation and Definitions
------------------------------

### Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined 
under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same 
meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

*   **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under 
common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of 
the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election 
of directors or other managing authority.
    
*   **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in 
this Agreement) refers to [FS Dynamics Portugal](http://fsdynamics.pt).
    
*   **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device 
or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing 
history on that website among its many uses.
    
*   **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, 
a cellphone or a digital tablet.
    
*   **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or 
identifiable individual.
    
*   **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the 
data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or 
individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the 
Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or 
to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
    
*   **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by 
the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, 
the duration of a page visit).
    
*   **blueCFD-Core website** refers to blueCFD-Core Project website, accessible from 
[https://bluecfd.github.io/Core/](https://bluecfd.github.io/Core/) and
[http://bluecfd.com/Core](http://bluecfd.com/Core).
    
*   **You** means the individual accessing or using the blueCFD-Core website, or the 
company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing 
or using the blueCFD-Core website, as applicable.
    

Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
---------------------------------------

### Types of Data Collected

#### Usage Data

While using Our blueCFD-Core website, We rely on Google Analytics to track 
Usage Data of our Service, in order to gather anonymous information about user 
activity. This can include:  
   * Download location (e.g., GitHub repository)  
   * Operating system and type of device
   * Browser type and version
   * the pages You visit at the blueCFD-Core website, including the time and 
   date and time spent on those pages

Furthermore, given that this project relies on GitHub for hosting, GitHub may
also keep track usage data and personal data, if logged in, as explained at
[https://docs.github.com/privacy](https://docs.github.com/privacy).

You can opt-out of Google Analytics tracking by using a browser add-on provided 
by Google: [https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)

### Retention of Your Usage Data

The Company will retain Event and Usage Data for internal analysis
purposes:

   * Event Data is preserved for 2 months.
   * Usage Data is retained for 14 months.


### Transfer of Your Usage Data

Usage Data is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any 
other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means 
that this information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located 
outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction 
where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data 
is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer 
of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless 
there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and 
other personal information.

### Security of Your Personal Data

Our objective is not to collect any Personal Data. Nonetheless, the security of 
Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of 
transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. 
While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal 
Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Children's Privacy
------------------

Our blueCFD-Core website does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not 
knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age 
of 13, nor older. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your 
child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware 
that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without 
verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from 
Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information 
and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's 
consent before We collect and use that information.

Links to Other Websites
-----------------------

Our blueCFD-Core website may contain links to other websites that are not 
operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to 
that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of 
every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy 
policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Changes to this Privacy Policy
------------------------------

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time on this page and update the
"Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. 
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
----------

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

*   By visiting this page on our Company website:
    [http://bluecfd.com/contact](http://bluecfd.com/contact)

*   By sending an email to [privacy@bluecfd.com](mailto:privacy@bluecfd.com).
