UserGuide.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: User Guides
---

# In Construction

This page is still a work in progress. We are aiming to bring in the old
documentation we have from blueCFD-Core 2.3-1, but the objective is to contribute
as much as possible to the [openfoamwiki.net](https://openfoamwiki.net) website,
so that everyone can contribute.

# How to Install blueCFD-Core 2016-1 and/or 2016-2

A short video tutorial is available at [blueCFD-Core: Install How-To @ YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nl7er2t-TnU) and is shown below as well:
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nl7er2t-TnU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

**Note**: If you already have 2016-1 installed, you can update by running the
installer for 2016-2 and use the same installation steps. The installer should
inherit the installation settings on its own.


# Instructions for source code developers
If you're developping or building OpenFOAM technology from source code, then
check the instructions already [available on our wiki](https://github.com/blueCFD/Core/wiki/).

Commit message:

Added link and embedded video of the 1st tutorial.

UserGuide.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: User Guides
---

# In Construction

This page is still a work in progress. We are aiming to bring in the old
documentation we have from blueCFD-Core 2.3-1, but the objective is to contribute
as much as possible to the [openfoamwiki.net](https://openfoamwiki.net) website,
so that everyone can contribute.

# How to Install blueCFD-Core 2016-1 and/or 2016-2

A short video tutorial is available at [blueCFD-Core: Install How-To @ YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nl7er2t-TnU) and is shown below as well:
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/nl7er2t-TnU" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

**Note**: If you already have 2016-1 installed, you can update by running the
installer for 2016-2 and use the same installation steps. The installer should
inherit the installation settings on its own.


# Getting started with blueCFD-Core

A 40 minute video tutorial is available at [blueCFD-Core: OpenFOAM® tutorial 1 How-To @ YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1Ti0yU1JdTQ) and is shown below as well:
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/1Ti0yU1JdTQ" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


# Instructions for source code developers
If you're developping or building OpenFOAM technology from source code, then
check the instructions already [available on our wiki](https://github.com/blueCFD/Core/wiki/).
